Ado improvements (#1914)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/connecting-azure-devops.md

<Snippet src="available-beta-banner" />

:::info

> You can still use dbt Cloud with Azure DevOps before this feature is generally available by [following these instructions](/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/cloud-import-a-project-by-git-urll#azure-devops).

Reviewer: Is the URL supposed to be this? I did _not_ test out the following suggestion:
```suggestion
You can still use dbt Cloud with Azure DevOps before this feature is generally available by [following these instructions](docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/cloud-import-a-project-by-git-url#azure-devops).
```

Reviewer 2: Just tested and Doug's change works for me!
